Variables are used to store data in JavaScript, such as numbers and text values. 
The name of a variable is called an identifier, and it must conform to certain 
naming rules. A variable can be declared using the var, let or const keyword. 
Global variables exist outside any function while local variables are defined 
inside a particular function. Variable hoisting allows accessing a variable 
before it is declared in code, but a hoisted variable returns the value of 
undefined. Strict mode can be used to avoid using variables that have no declaration.

Eight data types are supported in JavaScript for storing data. 
These are 
Boolean, Number, String, BigInt, Symbol, Object, null, and undefined. 

When initializing objects and arrays, certain considerations should be kept in mind. 
For example, the content of an object or array that is declared using the const keyword can be modified.

A variable can be declared using the Const, let or var keywords.

A Global variable is one that is declared outside of any function. 

It is possible to use a variable that is declared using 'var' later in the script because of hoisting. but
the value of the variable will be 'undefined'. Unlike other variable types, Objects and ARrays decclared using the 
'const' keyword can be modified. This means that if you declare say a number using const - you cant modify it 
later in the script yet arrays and objects cccan be modified - this makes sense becase array and object are not 
primitive data types.

The name of a variable is called an 'identifier'. Identifiers must begin with a '$', '_' or a letter.

The three types of declaration are:
var -  used for a block scoped OR global variable. Can be initialized
let - block scoped local variable. Can be initialized
const - block scoped read only constant. MUST be initialized.

'null' and 'undefined' are interchangeable because if(null==undefined) evaluates to true.
When you declare a block scoped variable that has the same name as a global variable, the action
doesnt change the value of the global variable, because the scope of the block variable is inside 
the function.

"use strict" causes the script to throw an error if a an undeclared variable has been thrown.

Variable Types:
There are eight variable types: Boolean, String, Number, Null, Undefined, Symbol, Array and Object

Kinda weird but String Boolean and Number can be declare in an Object wrapper class. example:
let aNumber = 5;
can also be exressed as 
let aNumber = new Number(5);

The typeof keyword returns the type of a value. The instanceofkeyword returns true if a value is an 
instance of an object.
console.log(typeof amount); // "number"console.log(amount2 instanceof Number); // trueThe typeof keyword returns the type of a value. 
    The instanceof keyword returns true if a value is an instance of an object.

A variable has a value of undefined if it has not been assigned a value. However, a variable must 
be assigned a null value
